c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe.config
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.pdb
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.frmProveedores.resources
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.pdb
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Zstandard.Net.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\chinobotsv\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Clave1_Grupo6\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csproj.Clave1_Grupo6.exe.config
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe.config
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.pdb
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Zstandard.Net.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.Streams.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Ubiety.Dns.Core.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\System.Memory.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Compression.LZ4.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\K4os.Hash.xxHash.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe.config
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.frmProveedores.resources
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.exe
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.pdb
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.InicioSesion.resources
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.Administracion.resources
C:\Users\johec\OneDrive\Attachments\Documents\UES\Proyecto\almacen-unico\Clave1_Grupo6\obj\Debug\Clave1_Grupo6.AdministracionUsuarios.resources
